[DOCS-1383] Centralize and standardize docs about Enterprise licenses (#1827)
wandb/docs: platform/hosting/enterprise-licenses.mdx

Enterprise licenses are available for W&B Dedicated Cloud and Self-Managed deployments.

- [W&B Dedicated Cloud](/platform/hosting/hosting-options/dedicated_cloud) provides single-tenant infrastructure managed by W&B, deployed in Google Cloud. Dedicated Cloud deployments automatically include an Enterprise license. No additional configuration is required, and all Enterprise features are available immediately upon provisioning.
- [W&B Self-Managed](/platform/hosting/hosting-options/self-managed) is deployed on your own infrastructure, providing full control over your deployment and data. Air-gapped deployments are supported. Without an Enterprise license, [Enterprise features](#enterprise-features) are unavailable.

## Obtain an Enterprise license
This section explains how to obtain an Enterprise license. Based on your use case, select a tab to continue.

<Tabs>
<Tab title="Dedicated Cloud">
W&B Dedicated Cloud includes an Enterprise license and no action is required. [Start an Enterprise trial](https://wandb.ai/site/for-enterprise/dedicated-saas-trial/) or contact [Sales](https://wandb.ai/site/contact-sales) to discuss your requirements.

</Tab>
<Tab title="Self-Managed">

> Request an Enterprise license for W&B Self-Managed:

Author: ```suggestion
Request an Enterprise license:
```

```
</Tab>
</Tabs>

Next, [verify your Enterprise license](#verify-or-update-an-enterprise-license).

## Verify and manage an Enterprise license

As an instance or organization admin, follow these steps to verify and manage your Enterprise license:
1. In the W&B App, click your user profile icon in the top right, then click **System Console**.
1. Go to the **License** tab. A dashboard summarizes the license's entitlements, expiration, and usage over time. If you see an error, see [Common issues](#common-issues).
1. For detailed information about the license and its entitlements, click **View license online**.

    From this page, you can also order a new trial or production license. At the top of the page, click **New license order** and submit the form.
1. To renew an expired license or to update the license key, click **Update License**.
    <Tip>
    To ensure uninterrupted service W&B contacts you:
    - 30 days before the license expires
    - When the license has expired
    </Tip>

## Enterprise features
For a full, categorized list of available Enterprise features, see the [Pricing](https://wandb.ai/site/pricing/) page, then click **Cloud-hosted** or **Privately-hosted**.

> ## Common Issues

Author: ```suggestion
## Common Issues

```

```
</Tab>
</Tabs>

Next, [verify your Enterprise license](#verify-or-update-an-enterprise-license).

## Verify and manage an Enterprise license

As an instance or organization admin, follow these steps to verify and manage your Enterprise license:
1. In the W&B App, click your user profile icon in the top right, then click **System Console**.
1. Go to the **License** tab. A dashboard summarizes the license's entitlements, expiration, and usage over time. If you see an error, see [Common issues](#common-issues).
1. For detailed information about the license and its entitlements, click **View license online**.

    From this page, you can also order a new trial or production license. At the top of the page, click **New license order** and submit the form.
1. To renew an expired license or to update the license key, click **Update License**.
    <Tip>
    To ensure uninterrupted service W&B contacts you:
    - 30 days before the license expires
    - When the license has expired
    </Tip>

## Enterprise features
For a full, categorized list of available Enterprise features, see the [Pricing](https://wandb.ai/site/pricing/) page, then click **Cloud-hosted** or **Privately-hosted**.

> ## Common Issues

Author: ```suggestion

## Common Issues
```

---
title: Enterprise Licenses
description: Learn about W&B Enterprise licenses, what features they include, and how to obtain and configure them.
---

> An Enterprise license unlocks advanced W&B features designed for organizations that need enhanced capabilities in areas of security, compliance, or administrative. See the list of [Enterprise features](#enterprise-features).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An Enterprise license unlocks W&B features designed for organizations that need enhanced capabilities in areas of security, compliance, or administrative. See the list of [Enterprise features](#enterprise-features).
```

- **Security**: Enhanced authentication, encryption, and access controls.
- **Compliance**: Audit logging, HIPAA compliance options, and data governance controls.

> - **Administration**: Advanced user management features like SCIM provisioning, custom roles, and automation capabilities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Administration**: User management features like SCIM provisioning, custom roles, and automation capabilities.
```

This page provides a comprehensive overview of Enterprise licenses, including what features they enable, how to obtain them, and how to configure them for your deployment.

## Deployment Options
Enterprise licenses are available for W&B Dedicated Cloud and Self-Managed deployments.

- [W&B Dedicated Cloud](/platform/hosting/hosting-options/dedicated_cloud) provides single-tenant infrastructure managed by W&B, deployed in Google Cloud. Dedicated Cloud deployments automatically include an Enterprise license. No additional configuration is required, and all Enterprise features are available immediately upon provisioning.

> - [W&B Self-Managed](/platform/hosting/hosting-options/self-managed) is deployed on your own infrastructure, providing full control over your deployment and data. Air-gapped deployments are supported. To access Enterprise features on W&B Self-Managed, you must obtain and configure an Enterprise license. Without an Enterprise license, Self-Managed deployments operate with limited features.

Reviewer: Link to a list or table that lists "limited features"?

Author: I think it would be every feature not listed below. So probably I don't need this sentence.

> - [W&B Self-Managed](/platform/hosting/hosting-options/self-managed) is deployed on your own infrastructure, providing full control over your deployment and data. Air-gapped deployments are supported. To access Enterprise features on W&B Self-Managed, you must obtain and configure an Enterprise license. Without an Enterprise license, Self-Managed deployments operate with limited features.

Author: ```suggestion
- [W&B Self-Managed](/platform/hosting/hosting-options/self-managed) is deployed on your own infrastructure, providing full control over your deployment and data. Air-gapped deployments are supported. Without an Enterprise license, [Enterprise features](#enterprise-features) are unavailable.
```

## Obtain an Enterprise license

> This section explains how to obtain an Enterprise license. Select a tab to continue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section explains how to obtain an Enterprise license. Based on your use case, select a tab to continue.
```

<Tabs>
<Tab title="Dedicated Cloud">

> W&B Dedicated Cloud includes an Enterprise license and no action is required. To get started with Dedicated Cloud:

Author: ```suggestion
W&B Dedicated Cloud includes an Enterprise license and no action is required. [Start an Enterprise trial](https://wandb.ai/site/for-enterprise/dedicated-saas-trial/) or contact [Sales](https://wandb.ai/site/contact-sales) to discuss your requirements.
```

1. Contact [Sales](https://wandb.ai/site/contact-sales) to discuss your requirements.
2. Work with W&B to provision your dedicated instance.

> 3. All Enterprise features will be enabled upon deployment.

Reviewer: If this info is covered elsewhere, we can omit these steps and instead link to said doc.

> 3. All Enterprise features will be enabled upon deployment.

Author: ```suggestion
```

</Tab>
<Tab title="Self-Managed">
To obtain an Enterprise license for Self-Managed deployments:

- To request an Enterprise trial license for evaluation purposes, visit the [Self-Managed Enterprise Trial form](https://wandb.ai/site/for-enterprise/self-hosted-trial) or contact [Sales](mailto:sales@wandb.ai).
- To request an Enterprise license for a production deployment, contact [Sales](https://wandb.ai/site/contact-sales) to discuss your deployment requirements and sizing and receive your license details.

> 

Reviewer: Not sure how to rephrase this. TL;DR Starting each sentence with "To..." read a little awkwardly.

```suggestion
Request an Enterprise license for W&B Self-Managed:

- **Evaluation**: Submit the [Request a trial license](https://wandb.ai/site/for-enterprise/self-hosted-trial) or contact [Sales](mailto:sales@wandb.ai) to discuss your requirements.
- **Production**: Contact [Sales](https://wandb.ai/site/contact-sales) to discuss your deployment requirements and sizing and receive your license details.

```

Author: Thanks, I took your suggestions and adjusted it a bit.

<Warning>Store license keys securely and treat them as sensitive credentials.</Warning>

</Tab>
</Tabs>

> 

Reviewer: Add an info admonition if Configure, Verify, Renew an Enterprise license only applies to Self-Managed?

## Configure an Enterprise license

> After you [obtain an Enterprise license](#obtain-an-enterprise-license) for W&B Self-Managed, you can configure it programmatically using your deployment tool, such as Helm or Terraform, or you can configure it in the W&B App after deployment. Select a tab to continue.

Author: ```suggestion

<Info>This section is relevant only for W&B Self-Managed.</Info>

After you [obtain an Enterprise license](#obtain-an-enterprise-license), you can configure it programmatically or you can configure it in the W&B App after deployment. Select a tab for instructions.
```

      --namespace wandb \
      --reuse-values \
      --set license=$LICENSE_KEY
    ```
</Tab>
<Tab title="Terraform">
1. Update your Terraform variables:
    ```hcl
    variable "license" {
      default = "YOUR_LICENSE_KEY_HERE"
    }
    ```

2. Apply the Terraform configuration:
    ```bash
    terraform apply -var="license=$LICENSE_KEY"
    ```
</Tab>
<Tab title="W&B App">
For existing deployments without environment variable configuration:

1. Log in as an admin user
2. Navigate to **System Settings**
3. Find the **License** section
4. Enter your new license key
5. Save the changes
</Tab>
<Tab title="Docker">
<Warning>Deploying W&B on Docker is deprecated. W&B strongly encourages migrating to a [Kubernetes Operator]() deployment managed by Helm or Terraform. Refer to [Reference architecture](/platform/hosting/self-managed/ref-arch.mdx) or contact [Support](mailto:support@wandb.ai) for guidance.</Warning>
Set the license key as an environment variable:
```bash
docker run -d \
  -e LICENSE="YOUR_LICENSE_KEY_HERE" \
  -e OTHER_ENV_VARS \
  wandb/local
```
</Tab>
</Tabs>

Next, [verify your Enterprise license](#verify-or-update-an-enterprise-license).

> ## Verify or update an Enterprise license

Author: ```suggestion
## Verify and manage an Enterprise license
```

> As an instance admin, follow these steps to verify that your Enterprise license is active:

Author: ```suggestion
As an instance or organization admin, follow these steps to verify and manage your Enterprise license:
```

1. In the W&B App, click your user profile icon in the top right, then click **System Console**.

> 1. Go to the **License** tab.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Go to the **License** tab. A dashboard summarizes the license's entitlements, expiration, and usage over time. If you see an error, see [Common issues](#common-issues).
```

> 1. To verify the license key, click **View license online**. If the license is not configured correctly, see [Common issues](#common-issues).

Author: ```suggestion
1. For detailed information about the license and its entitlements, click **View license online**.

    From this page, you can also order a new trial or production license. At the top of the page, click **New license order** and submit the form.
```

> 1. To update the license key, click **Update License**. This is required if your previous license expires and you [renew it](#renew-an-enterprise-license).

Author: ```suggestion
1. To renew an expired license or to update the license key, click **Update License**.
    <Tip>
    To ensure uninterrupted service W&B contacts you:
    - 30 days before the license expires
    - When the license has expired
    </Tip>
```

> ## Renew an Enterprise license

Reviewer: As a follow-up you can add a section on how to check when or if an enterprise license is about to expire.

A trial or production Enterprise license has an expiration date. To ensure uninterrupted service W&B contacts you:
- 30 days before the license expires
- When the license has expired

To renew your license:
1. Contact your account team or [Support](mailto:support@wandb.ai) to obtain a new license key.

> 1. Follow the steps to [update the license](#verify-or-update-an-enterprise-license).

Author: ```suggestion
```

> ## Enterprise features

Reviewer: For all of these, link to appropriate docs?

- **IP Allowlisting**: Restrict access based on IP addresses (Self-Managed only)

### Access Management
- **Custom Roles**: Create fine-grained roles beyond the default Member/Admin/View-Only roles
- **View-Only Users**: Read-only access for stakeholders who need visibility without edit permissions
- **Team-level Access Controls**: Advanced permissions at the team level
- **Project-level Access Controls**: Granular permissions for individual projects

### Data & Compliance
- **Audit Logs**: Detailed logs of user actions for compliance and security monitoring
- **HIPAA Compliance**: Available with specific configuration options
- **Customer-Managed Encryption Keys (CMEK)**: Use your own encryption keys for data at rest
- **Bring Your Own Bucket (BYOB)**: Store artifacts in your own cloud storage (via Secure Storage Connector)
- **Data Retention Controls**: Configure custom data retention policies

### Operations & Administration
- **Automations**: Trigger workflows based on events (Pro and Enterprise for Cloud)
- **Advanced Organization Dashboard**: Enhanced visibility into organization usage
- **Priority Support**: Faster response times and dedicated support channels

> - **MySQL Database Support**: Use MySQL instead of Postgres (Self-Managed only)

Author: ```suggestion
For a full, categorized list of available Enterprise features, see the [Pricing](https://wandb.ai/site/pricing/) page, then click **Cloud-hosted** or **Privately-hosted**.
```

- **S3-compatible Storage**: Use S3 or compatible object storage (Self-Managed only)

### Performance & Scale
- **Dedicated Resources**: Guaranteed compute and storage resources (Dedicated Cloud)
- **Custom Rate Limits**: Higher API rate limits for enterprise workloads
- **Multi-region Deployment**: Deploy across multiple regions (Dedicated Cloud)

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```
